Hello.
This is Carl Kassel.
You might be thinking, Wait, wait.
Isn't this Ryan's phone?
Don't tell me I've
dialed the wrong number.
Well, I assure you, you have not.
Leave whatever message you'd like and
Ryan will be sure to return your call.
And have a wonderful day.
>> That was actually Karl Kassel's voice.
He's part of this, for
those of you who don't live in the U.S.,
it's weekly,
new quiz show called, Wait, wait,
don't Tell Me, and you can actually
win Carl Kassel's voice for
your home answering machine.
The home answering machine
date back many decades.
The reason why this was really cool was
about 35% of the business calls end of it,
no answer.
This is not good for the telephone
company, not good for the business.
So there were all kinds of answering
machines that people could
connect to their phone.
And if you didn't pick up the phone,
the answering machine would pick up play
Karl Kassel's voice and get
the recording so you could check later.
And with SS7 and
the advanced intelligent network,
there were many many companies
that were actually providing
a unified messaging service.
There you could have your emails,
voicemails, faxes,
pagers, all of them coordinated
in one central place.
And it was actually going
more enterprise In the cloud,
all of these services being provided.
So this was a very good revenue bearing
thing, both with the telephone companies
and a lot of the start-ups in the 80s and
90s.